I think that the 25th would be OK for me.
I think the 25th works for me.
Next couple of weeks sounds good. How about Thurs 25th?
Thurs 21st looks OK for me.
It looks like next week isn't great for me either. Tuesday of the next week works, possibly Wednesday (I'd be a bit late) or Thursday (I'd be later) at a push.
I'm busy next week but could do any day the week after.
I’m away this week unfortunately……
Slim possibility of Thurs next week, greater possibility of Friday....
Cracking, which day in the next one or 2 weeks is good for you ? I’m free Mon – Thurs this week, next week and the week after.
I've got no plans for tomorrow but suspect I might have to stay quite late at work.
Thursday is best for me. Not sure about other days yet.
I can do Monday, Wednesday and possibly Thursday although that's not ideal.
I can do Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday but not Monday. Unless it continues with this whole irritating snow business in which case I can do Monday too.
Anyone for a few beers next week?  I can do Monday or Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday. 
Could I suggest the week beginning Monday 18th Feb as being one to aim for

I should be ok for this evening, will be there 7.30 ish.
Wednesday works for me. 
Shall we go for Wednesday?
Can I go further out on a limb and suggest Wednesday 19th?
Anyone up for planning a festive beer in the next few weeks? How about 12th / 13th, 19th / 20th Dec? 
I think that the 1st, this Thursday could be a good plan.
I could do the 1st but not the 31st
I might be OK for 1st if that's still a plan?, need to check a couple of things. Can't do 31st
Not able to do that week as on holiday as well.
Hmmm, might now have to go to Manchester on Thurs 1st. I'll see.
Alas I am unexpectedely in Norway so can't make tomorrow now.
so I can do 31st or 1st Nov.
I wont be able to make the 31st but getting thirsty as haven’t been out for a while, will try to join the next session.
Thursday’s are generally best for me as I do the Nursery run Monday to Wednesday evenings.
Wednesday Oct 31st is best for me, providing that no-one finds it too scary.
Anyway, I'm in for Wednesday 29th
I wont be around on the 29th  and the 31st is tricky for me so may have to wait for the next instalment.
I should be able to make the 29th, but I definitely can’t make it on the 31st
I can't do 30th now, so I think the options are
I'm now down to the 29th or 30th, or as they are also known, next Wednesday or Thursday
22nd would possibly be OK, 29th or 30th, definitely, 31st, definitely not
Does 22nd, 29th or 30th August work for anyone?
I can't make you dates, but will offer Friday the 31st August.
I ‘m away this week and next so the 3rd is a possibility.
Friday 3rd anyone?
I could do that Friday,
